Migration to AsciiDoc (#549)
OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface: doc/architecture/reference_points_coordinate_systems.adoc

= Coordinate systems and reference points

OSI uses DIN ISO 8855:2013-11 for coordinate systems and transformations between coordinate systems.
OSI uses three coordinate systems:

World coordinate system::

> Coordinate system for all quantities which are part of ground truth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coordinate system for all assets which are part of the ground truth.
```

> Coordinate system for all quantities which are part of ground truth.

Reviewer 2: CCB Meeting 04.08.2021
- "quantities" as well as "assets" is not perfect here. Maybe "elements" or "coordinates", "entities". 
- Decision: please use "entities" @max-rosin

> Coordinate system for all quantities which are part of ground truth.

Author: Changed.

> Coordinate system for all quantities which are part of ground truth.

Reviewer 2: "Entities" is not used.

> The world coordinate system is an inertial x/y/z-coordinate system.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The world coordinate system is an inertial x/y/z-coordinate system.
The origin is the global reference point, which is determined by the environment simulation.
It may be derived from map data or other considerations.
A mapping to a geographic coordinate system can be provided optionally via a proj.4 string.
```

> The world coordinate system is an inertial x/y/z-coordinate system.

Reviewer 2: https://opensimulationinterface.github.io/open-simulation-interface/structosi3_1_1GroundTruth.html#af5f78f308a00d74ece79410eb7913006

> The world coordinate system is an inertial x/y/z-coordinate system.

Author: Changed, please check whether this is correct.

Sensor coordinate system::
Coordinate system for all quantities which are part of sensor data.

> The origin is the mounting position of the physical sensor or a virtual mounting position, depending on the technology.

Reviewer 2: CCB Meeting 04.08.2021:
- "depending on the OSI message." is better. 
@max-rosin

Object coordinate system::

> Coordinate system for local object coordinates.

Reviewer: @ThomasNaderBMW 
"Coordinate system for local object coordinates", stating that a "coordinate system" is for "coordinates" is not necessary. Suggestion from my side:
**Local coordinate system for objects (or Assets).**

Reviewer 2: CCB Meeting 04.08.2021:
- "Local object coordinate system"

The origin of the corresponding coordinate systems is not necessarily identical to the center of the object's bounding box.

> For example with vehicles, the origin is the middle of the rear axle projected onto the ground.

Reviewer 4: The origin of the vehicle coordinate varies among the simulation systems. As far as I know the DIN ISO 8855 just defines that it is right-handed, but not where the origin is located. Therefore I would suggest to state that the vehicle coordinate system is right handed and translationally shifted to a certain origin in the vehicle body, e.g. center of the rear or front axle.

> For example with vehicles, the origin is the middle of the rear axle projected onto the ground.

Reviewer 2: CCB Meeting 04.08.2021:
- line 17 should be removed because it is confusing.

> For example with vehicles, the origin is the middle of the rear axle projected onto the ground.

Author: Changed.

= Coordinate systems and reference points

OSI uses DIN ISO 8855:2013-11 for coordinate systems and transformations between coordinate systems.
OSI uses three coordinate systems:

World coordinate system::
Coordinate system for all entities which are part of ground truth.
The world coordinate system is an inertial x/y/z-coordinate system.
The origin is the global reference point, which is determined by the environment simulation.
This reference point may be derived from map data or other considerations.
World coordinates can be mapped to a geographic coordinate system via `osi3::GroundTruth::proj_string`.

Sensor coordinate system::
Coordinate system for all entities which are part of sensor data.
The origin is the mounting position of the physical sensor or a virtual mounting position, depending on the OSI message.

Object coordinate system::
Local object coordinate system.

> The origin of the corresponding coordinate systems is not necessarily identical to the center of the object's bounding box.

Reviewer 5: Does it then depend on the specific property?

Reviewer 2: @pasched to be done.
